This we do.
Let's discuss about the different challenges with building your MicroServices
We will start with the problem number one which is bounded context what do I mean.
Earlier we said instead of.
One.
Big monolith application we'd be building about five small microservices or 10 or 20 or hundred.
How do you identify the boundary for each of these microservices.
How do you identify what to do in each of these microservices.
How do you decide what you should do and what you should not do.
Thing is for new applications this is especially much more difficult because probably you don't really
have the business knowledge to be able to establish the right boundaries between these micorservices.
What I found in my experience is deciding the boundaries of micorservices.
This is an evolutionary process it's not something you would get it right the first time.
It's something which you need to play around with.
Try and follow different domain design try to identify the right boundaries for the microservices based
on the knowledge you have at that point in time.
The important thing to understand is as you keep gaining knowledge you should put that knowledge back
into the microservices into deciding what is the right boundaries for these.
microservices  the next important challenge for microservices.
is configuration management.
We said we would have five or 50 microservices these microservices have multiple instances in
each environment and there are multiple environments and we don't mind.
So let's say there are 10 microservices with 5 environments and let's say 50 instances to be talking
about basically tons of configuration and thats a lot of work for the operation team to maintain an important
challenge is the dynamic scale up and scale down establishing the technology to be able to do that
The loads on different microservices will be different at different instances of time and at particular instance
I might need two instances of Microservice2.
But later at a different point in time I might me needing 10 instances of this.
So I should be able to bring the new instances of Microservice is up and bring down older instances of
Microservice when they are not really needed.
All this with dynamic load balancing because when there is one instance of Microservice1 and there
are four instances of Microservice2  then I would want to distribute the load between all the instances
of Microservice2.
And if there are four instances of Microservice2 coming up then I would want to ensure that all the new ones
are also being used to the fullest extent.
So we need the ability to dynamically bring in new instances and also to distribute the load among the
new instances the forth and one of the most important challenges is visibility.
If I say the functionality is now distributed among 10 microservices and there is a bug How do you
identify where the bug is.
You need to have a centralized log where I can go and find out what happened for a specific request
which MicroService caused the problem not just that we also need monitoring around these microservices
because we have hundreds ofmicroservices we need to be able to identify the microservices which
are down.
We would want to be able to automatically identify those where there is not enough disk space.
All these kind of things need to be automated.
So we need great visibility into what's happening with these microservices.
And last but not the least important of them is the fact that if it's not well-designed microservices
architecture can be like backoff got  what do I mean it's basically that in microservices architecture.
You have one microservice is calling another another calling another.
So there would be certain microservices which would be the fundamental for the whole thing.
And if that microservice goes down then the entire application might go down.
So it's like a pack of cards you're building one over the top of the other and so on and so on.
And therefore they get collapse very easily and therefore it's very important for you to have fault
tolerance in your microservices in this we looked at the 5 important challenges related
to microservices.
We started with bounded context identifying what is the right context for you or microservice is what
is the right boundary for your.
microservice  we talked about the problem of configuration management hundreds of microservices and
a lot of environments there is tons of configuration that you would want to manage.
How do we simplify say that we would want to be able to dynamically scale up and scale down and dynamically
distribute load among the active instances.
How do we do that.
We want to have great visibility into what's happening behind the scenes with each of these microservices
a simple request might involve 10 microservices  how do I determine which microservice  was
caused for a defect.
How do I know if all my microservices are up and running.
And how do I prevent one microservice  being down taking down the entire application.
How do I build fault tolerance into my microservices.
And then the next step bye.